capital = 468

oob = "CBS"

# Starting tech
set_technology = {
	infantry_weapons = 1
	basic_train = 1
}

recruit_character = CBS_ar
recruit_character = CBS_acr
recruit_character = CBS_mt
recruit_character = CBS_stc
recruit_character = CBS_aa2
recruit_character = CBS_acgs
recruit_character = CBS_ncm
recruit_character = CBS_nccr
recruit_character = CBS_coi
recruit_character = CBS_democratic_guy
recruit_character = CBS_acd2
recruit_character = CBS_acas
recruit_character = CBS_communist_guy
recruit_character = CBS_ncs
recruit_character = CBS_awt
recruit_character = CBS_pot
recruit_character = CBS_fascist_guy
recruit_character = CBS_ai2
recruit_character = CBS_nt
recruit_character = CBS_aco2

set_convoys = 92
army_experience = 50

set_politics = {
	ruling_party = neutrality
	last_election = "1936.1.1"
	election_frequency = 48
	elections_allowed = no
}

set_popularities = {
	democratic = 5
	fascism = 5
	communism = 5
	neutrality = 85
}

create_country_leader = {
	ideology = oligarchism
	traits = {}
}

create_field_marshal = {
    traits = { Skilled_Staffer Infantry_Expert }
    skill = 4
}
