capital = 396

oob = "KOZ"

# Starting tech
set_technology = {
	infantry_weapons = 1
	basic_train = 1	
}

recruit_character = KOZ_ar
recruit_character = KOZ_acr
recruit_character = KOZ_mt
recruit_character = KOZ_stc
recruit_character = KOZ_aa2
recruit_character = KOZ_acgs
recruit_character = KOZ_ncm
recruit_character = KOZ_nccr
recruit_character = KOZ_coi
recruit_character = KOZ_democratic_guy
recruit_character = KOZ_acd2
recruit_character = KOZ_acas
recruit_character = KOZ_communist_guy
recruit_character = KOZ_ncs
recruit_character = KOZ_awt
recruit_character = KOZ_pot
recruit_character = KOZ_fascist_guy
recruit_character = KOZ_ai2
recruit_character = KOZ_nt
recruit_character = KOZ_aco2


set_convoys = 92
army_experience = 50

declare_war_on = {
		target = TOL #tag
		type = annex_everything #cb
	}

set_politics = {
	ruling_party = neutrality
	last_election = "1936.1.1"
	election_frequency = 48
	elections_allowed = no
}

set_popularities = {
	democratic = 10
	fascism = 5
	communism = 10
	neutrality = 75
}

create_country_leader = {
	ideology = oligarchism
	traits = {}
}

create_field_marshal = {
	traits = {}
    skill = 5
}
