capital = 336

oob = NIC

# Starting tech
set_technology = {
	infantry_weapons = 1
	basic_train = 1	
}

recruit_character = NIC_ar
recruit_character = NIC_acr
recruit_character = NIC_mt
recruit_character = NIC_stc
recruit_character = NIC_aa2
recruit_character = NIC_acgs
recruit_character = NIC_ncm
recruit_character = NIC_nccr
recruit_character = NIC_coi
recruit_character = NIC_democratic_guy
recruit_character = NIC_acd2
recruit_character = NIC_acas
recruit_character = NIC_communist_guy
recruit_character = NIC_ncs
recruit_character = NIC_awt
recruit_character = NIC_pot
recruit_character = NIC_fascist_guy
recruit_character = NIC_ai2
recruit_character = NIC_nt
recruit_character = NIC_aco2

set_convoys = 157
set_war_support = 10
add_political_power = 200
add_command_power = 50

set_politics = {
	ruling_party = democratic
	last_election = "1921.1.1"
	election_frequency = 48
	elections_allowed = yes
}

set_popularities = {
	democratic = 85
	fascism = 5
	communism = 10
	neutrality = 0
}

create_country_leader = {
	name = "Nicole Rilon"
	desc = "NIC_Nicole"
	picture = NIC_Nicole.dds
	ideology = liberalism
	traits = {Editor Humble Great_Architect}
}

create_field_marshal = {
	traits = {}
    skill = 4
}
create_corps_commander = {
	traits = {}
    skill = 2
}
create_corps_commander = {
	traits = {}
    skill = 2
}
create_navy_leader = {
	traits = {}
	skill = 1 
}
create_navy_leader = {
	traits = {}
	skill = 2 
}