capital = 368

	oob = "NIR"

# Starting tech
set_technology = {
	infantry_weapons = 1
	basic_train = 1	
}

recruit_character = NIR_ar
recruit_character = NIR_acr
recruit_character = NIR_mt
recruit_character = NIR_stc
recruit_character = NIR_aa2
recruit_character = NIR_acgs
recruit_character = NIR_ncm
recruit_character = NIR_nccr
recruit_character = NIR_coi
recruit_character = NIR_democratic_guy
recruit_character = NIR_acd2
recruit_character = NIR_acas
recruit_character = NIR_communist_guy
recruit_character = NIR_ncs
recruit_character = NIR_awt
recruit_character = NIR_pot
recruit_character = NIR_fascist_guy
recruit_character = NIR_ai2
recruit_character = NIR_nt
recruit_character = NIR_aco2

set_convoys = 157
set_war_support = 10
add_political_power = 200
add_command_power = 50
army_experience = 50

set_politics = {
		ruling_party = neutrality
		last_election = "1936.1.1"
		election_frequency = 48
		elections_allowed = no
	}

	set_popularities = {
		democratic = 10
		fascism = 10
		communism = 0
		neutrality = 80
	}

create_country_leader = {
	ideology = Centrism
	traits = {}
}

create_field_marshal = {
	traits = {}
    skill = 4
}
create_corps_commander = {
	traits = {}
    skill = 2
}
create_corps_commander = {
	traits = {}
    skill = 2
}
