capital = 136
set_oob = "standard_templates"

# Starting tech
set_technology = {
	infantry_weapons = 1
	basic_train = 1	
}

recruit_character = SLU_ar
recruit_character = SLU_acr
recruit_character = SLU_mt
recruit_character = SLU_stc
recruit_character = SLU_aa2
recruit_character = SLU_acgs
recruit_character = SLU_ncm
recruit_character = SLU_nccr
recruit_character = SLU_coi
recruit_character = SLU_democratic_guy
recruit_character = SLU_acd2
recruit_character = SLU_acas
recruit_character = SLU_communist_guy
recruit_character = SLU_ncs
recruit_character = SLU_awt
recruit_character = SLU_pot
recruit_character = SLU_fascist_guy
recruit_character = SLU_ai2
recruit_character = SLU_nt
recruit_character = SLU_aco2


set_convoys = 92

set_politics = {
	ruling_party = fascism
	last_election = "1936.1.1"
	election_frequency = 48
	elections_allowed = no
}

set_popularities = {
	democratic = 10
	fascism = 80
	communism = 5
	neutrality = 5
}

create_country_leader = {
	ideology = Rexism
}

create_field_marshal = {
}
