capital = 449

oob = "TOL"

# Starting tech
set_technology = {
	infantry_weapons = 1
	basic_train = 1	
	tech_trucks = 1
}

recruit_character = TOL_ar
recruit_character = TOL_acr
recruit_character = TOL_mt
recruit_character = TOL_stc
recruit_character = TOL_aa2
recruit_character = TOL_acgs
recruit_character = TOL_ncm
recruit_character = TOL_nccr
recruit_character = TOL_coi
recruit_character = TOL_democratic_guy
recruit_character = TOL_acd2
recruit_character = TOL_acas
recruit_character = TOL_communist_guy
recruit_character = TOL_ncs
recruit_character = TOL_awt
recruit_character = TOL_pot
recruit_character = TOL_fascist_guy
recruit_character = TOL_ai2
recruit_character = TOL_nt
recruit_character = TOL_aco2


set_convoys = 92
army_experience = 50

set_politics = {
	ruling_party = democratic
	last_election = "1922.1.1"
	election_frequency = 48
	elections_allowed = yes
}

set_popularities = {
	democratic = 80
	fascism = 5
	communism = 10
	neutrality = 5
}

create_country_leader = {
	ideology = Conservatism
	traits = {}
}

create_field_marshal = {
	traits = {}
    skill = 3
}
